[Gmail Single User] Metrics (#34447)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonDashboards/ReleaseNotes/1_4_4.md

#### Dashboards

##### API Execution Metrics

> Added a widget to provide API execution metrics for the **Gmail Single User** integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a widget showing API execution metrics for the **Gmail Single User** integration.
```
